doc: matter: update mandatory config list (#7342)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_matter_configuring_protocol.rst

Mandatory configuration
***********************

To use the Matter protocol, set the following Kconfig options:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP` - This option enables the Matter protocol stack and other associated Kconfig options, including :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_ENABLE_DNSSD_SRP` that is required for the discovery of the Matter device using DNS-SD.

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_PROJECT_CONFIG` - This option defines the path to the configuration file that specifies Vendor ID, Product ID, and other project-specific Matter settings.

Reviewer: After this line I would add information about dependencies between Matter and the other modules. Matter is only application layer protocol, so it utilizes many other software modules that needs to be configured, like Thread (or WiFi in the future), Bluetooth LE, mcuboot, mbedTLS, etc ... Maybe we shouldn't go into details, but just let user know that there are some other software modules than only Matter that may require configuration changes.

Mandatory configuration
***********************

To use the Matter protocol, set the following Kconfig options:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP` - This option enables the Matter protocol stack and other associated Kconfig options, including :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_ENABLE_DNSSD_SRP` that is required for the discovery of the Matter device using DNS-SD.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_PROJECT_CONFIG` - This option defines the path to the configuration file that specifies Vendor ID, Product ID, and other project-specific Matter settings.

> Because Matter is an application layer on top of the IPv6-based transport protocols (see :ref:`ug_matter_architecture`), it uses other software modules with their own configuration options, such as Bluetooth® LE, the IPv6 stack (currently, only :ref:`Thread <ug_thread_configuring>` is supported), or :ref:`nRF Security <nrfxlib:nrf_security_config>`.

Reviewer: That looks pretty good to me, but I would maybe even expand it with more information. Please consider if you find it relevant: 
```suggestion
Because Matter is an application layer protocol on top of the other transport protocols (see :ref:`ug_matter_architecture`), it uses multiple software modules with their own configuration options, to provide communication between the devices and necessary functionalities. It utilizes modules such as Bluetooth® LE, the IPv6 stack (currently, only :ref:`Thread <ug_thread_configuring>` is supported), or :ref:`nRF Security <nrfxlib:nrf_security_config>` and :ref:`MCUboot <mcuboot:mcuboot_ncs>`.
```
